Add support of ignored_headers for subscription deduplication (#7070)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/operations/subscriptions/index.mdx

- The operations sent to the subgraph have identical GraphQL selection sets (i.e., requested fields).

> - The operations provide identical values for all headers that the router sends to the subgraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The operations provide identical values for all headers that the router sends to the subgraph, except those listed in `ignored_headers`.
```

### Configuring deduplication

> You can ignore specific headers when doing the subscription deduplication. If you propagate `user-agent` header to subgraphs and you still want to deduplicate subscriptions and so ignore this header
> in the deduplication algorithm you can do it by adding the following to your router's YAML config file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can ignore specific headers when deduplicating subscriptions.

If you propagate a header with varying values to your subgraph (for example, `User-Agent`), but you still want to deduplicate subscriptions and you can accept that only one out of many values will be propagated, you can configure `ignored_headers` like this:
```

I'm not sure this is the best way to phrase it, but I think it'd be good to explicitly state that you lose some detail by doing this. Maybe @apollographql/docs can help or follow up with an improvement PR?
